CREATE TABLE Estacionamento(
idEstacionamento		INT PRIMARY KEY IDENTITY(1,1),
donoEstacionamento		VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
emailEstacionamento		VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
cnpjEstacionamento		VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL UNIQUE,
telefoneEstacionamento	VARCHAR(10) NOT NULL,
senhaEstacionamento		VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
nomeEstacionamento		VARCHAR(100) NOT NULL UNIQUE,
estCidEstacionamento	VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL ,
enderecoEstacionamento	VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
compEstacionamento		VARCHAR(5) NOT NULL UNIQUE,
qtdMotos				INTEGER NOT NULL,
qtdCarros				INTEGER NOT NULL,
funcEstabelecimento		VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,

)
go


CREATE TABLE Veiculos(
idVeiculo			INT PRIMARY KEY IDENTITY(1,1),
marcaVeiculo		VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
modeloVeiculo		VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
corVeiculo			VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
placaVeiculo		VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL UNIQUE,
tipoVeiculo			VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
idEstacionamento    INTEGER,
CONSTRAINT fk_Veiculo_Estacionamento FOREIGN KEY (idEstacionamento) REFERENCES Estacionamento (idEstacionamento),

)

go
